docs/alembic.md, before:

## Migrations Using Alembic
Although Pydbantic can handle migrations automatically, alembic can also be used if preferred. Configuration can be done in a few easy steps

### Install alembic
```bash
pip install alembic
```
### Define Models & DB instance
```python
#models.py
from pydbantic import DataBaseModel, PrimaryKey, Default

def time_now_str():
    return datetime.now().isoformat()

def stringify_uuid():
    return str(uuid.uuid4())

class Employee(DataBaseModel):
    id: str = PrimaryKey(default=stringify_uuid)
    salary: float
    is_employed: bool
    date_employed: str = Default(default=time_now_str)
```

### Connect with Database
```python
#db.py
from pydbantic import Database
from models import Employee

db = Database.create(
    'sqlite:///company.db',
    tables=[Employee],
    use_alembic=True
)
```
### Initialze alembic
```bash
alembic init migrations
```
Within the current directory, alembic will create a `migrations` folder that will store `versions` and its `env.py` that will need to updated. We will remove most of the boiler plate code and simply `import db` and use `db.alembic_migrate()`.


Upate `migrations/env.py` file
```python
#migrations/env.py
from alembic import context
from db import db

def run_migrations_offline() -> None:
    db.alembic_migrate()

def run_migrations_online() -> None:
    db.alembic_migrate()

if context.is_offline_mode():
    run_migrations_offline()
else:
    run_migrations_online()
```

### Creating the first migration file
Until now, we have just told alembic where to store our migrations, and where our db is configured. We still have not created any database tables to match our `Employee` model. 
```bash
alembic revision -m "init_migration" --autogenerate
```

Alembic is capable of detecting schema changes and often can do most of the work to build your migrations. Notice the new file in `migrations/versions/` matching the `-m "init_migration"` commit message.


### Trigger Migration
The final step once we have created a migration file is to trigger the migration. The instructions defined in the latest `migrations/versions` will be followed. 

```bash
alembic upgrade head
```

### Run Application
Now we are all set, we can Create new persistent instances of our model and trust they are safely stored. 

```python
#app.py
import asyncio
from db import db
from models import Employee

async def main():
    await Employee.create(
        salary=10000,
        is_employed=True
    )
    all_employees = await Employee.all()
    print(all_employees)
    
asyncio.run(main())
```

### Adding a new Model

```python
# models.py
import uuid
from datetime import datetime
from typing import Optional, Union
from pydantic import BaseModel
from pydbantic import DataBaseModel, PrimaryKey, Default

def time_now_str():
    return datetime.now().isoformat()

def stringify_uuid():
    return str(uuid.uuid4())

class Positions(DataBaseModel):
    name: str = PrimaryKey()
    level: int = 4

class Employee(DataBaseModel):
    id: str = PrimaryKey(default=stringify_uuid)
    salary: float
    is_employed: bool
    date_employed: str = Default(default=time_now_str)
    position: Union[Positions, None] = Positions(name='Manager')
```

Connect to database

```python
#db.py
from pydbantic import Database
from models import Employee, Positions

db = Database.create(
    'sqlite:///company.db',
    tables=[Employee, Positions],
    use_alembic=True
)
```
Create new revision

```bash
alembic revision -m "added Positions" --autogenerate
```
Migrate!
```bash
alembic upgrade head
```

Commit message:

Add contribution guidelines (#50)
* add pre-commit configuration

* added python linting step & consolidated tests into make file invocation

* added python 3.10 to list of tests, consolidated tests into make file

* updated README spelling & descriptions

* updated spelling & docs

* added usage with Alembic & spelling updates

* updated formatting / docs / spelling

* updated formatting / docs / spelling

* updated formatting / docs / spelling

* added PrimaryKey ForeignKey Unique to global imports

* removed unused utility module

* removed unused __main__ method invocations & function, updated formatting

* updated formatting / return values & moved some methods to internal only

* updated formatting / return values & moved some methods to internal only

* formatting

* added asyncio_mode

* pinned versions, dependencies required for testing

* formatting + classifiers updated

* pre-commit formatting

* removed comments

* removed mark ordering, formatting updates

* helper module to start test migrations in sequence

* helper method for starting tests in sequence

* formatting updates

* formatting updates

* added contributor guidelines

* removed 3.10 from tests as not supported by aiomysql library

* made p_key_condition more explicity an iterable

* replaced fastapi client with httpx async client

* added .vscode tests to debugger map

* removed settings.json

* added docs for starting DB via docker-compose

* added Makefile & docker-compose for starting DB / testing

* updated requirements install path

* updated requirements install path

---------

Co-authored-by: Joshua (codemation) <joshjamison1@gmail.com>

docs/alembic.md, after:

## Migrations Using Alembic
Although Pydbantic can handle migrations automatically, alembic may also be used if preferred. Configuration can be done in a few easy steps

### Install alembic
Generally no need to install alembic, as it is also a dependency of automatic migrations with `pydbantic`

### Define Models & DB instance
```python
#models.py
from pydbantic import DataBaseModel, PrimaryKey, Default

def time_now_str():
    return datetime.now().isoformat()

def stringify_uuid():
    return str(uuid.uuid4())

class Employee(DataBaseModel):
    id: str = PrimaryKey(default=stringify_uuid)
    salary: float
    is_employed: bool
    date_employed: str = Default(default=time_now_str)
```

### Connect with Database
```python
#db.py
from pydbantic import Database
from models import Employee

db = Database.create(
    'sqlite:///company.db',
    tables=[Employee],
    use_alembic=True
)
```
### Initialize alembic
```bash
alembic init migrations
```
Within the current directory, alembic will create a `migrations` folder that will store `versions` and its `env.py` that will need to updated. We will remove most of the boiler plate code and simply `import db` and use `db.alembic_migrate()`.


Update `migrations/env.py` file
```python
#migrations/env.py
from alembic import context
from db import db

def run_migrations_offline() -> None:
    db.alembic_migrate()

def run_migrations_online() -> None:
    db.alembic_migrate()

if context.is_offline_mode():
    run_migrations_offline()
else:
    run_migrations_online()
```

### Creating the first migration file
Until now, we have just told alembic where to store our migrations, and where our db is configured. We still have not created any database tables to match our `Employee` model.
```bash
alembic revision -m "init_migration" --autogenerate
```

Alembic is capable of detecting schema changes and often can do most of the work to build your migrations. Notice the new file in `migrations/versions/` matching the `-m "init_migration"` commit message.


### Trigger Migration
The final step once we have created a migration file is to trigger the migration. The instructions defined in the latest `migrations/versions` will be followed.

```bash
alembic upgrade head
```

### Run Application
Now we are all set, we can Create new persistent instances of our model and trust they are safely stored.

```python
#app.py
import asyncio
from db import db
from models import Employee

async def main():
    await Employee.create(
        salary=10000,
        is_employed=True
    )
    all_employees = await Employee.all()
    print(all_employees)

asyncio.run(main())
```

### Adding a new Model

```python
# models.py
import uuid
from datetime import datetime
from typing import Optional, Union
from pydantic import BaseModel
from pydbantic import DataBaseModel, PrimaryKey, Default

def time_now_str():
    return datetime.now().isoformat()

def stringify_uuid():
    return str(uuid.uuid4())

class Positions(DataBaseModel):
    name: str = PrimaryKey()
    level: int = 4

class Employee(DataBaseModel):
    id: str = PrimaryKey(default=stringify_uuid)
    salary: float
    is_employed: bool
    date_employed: str = Default(default=time_now_str)
    position: Union[Positions, None] = Positions(name='Manager')
```

Connect to database

```python
#db.py
from pydbantic import Database
from models import Employee, Positions

db = Database.create(
    'sqlite:///company.db',
    tables=[Employee, Positions],
    use_alembic=True
)
```
Create new revision

```bash
alembic revision -m "added Positions" --autogenerate
```
Migrate!
```bash
alembic upgrade head
```
